Updated few sections to enhance the overall documentation (#503)
neurobionics/opensourceleg: docs/installation.md

uv run mypy --version
```

> ### 5. Unaithorized error or ".venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1 cannot be loaded" error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Unauthorized error or ".venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1 cannot be loaded" error
```

> While running ".venv\Scripts\activate" command, sometimes you may get an "Unaithorized error" (below error). For this error, you would need to run "Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -Scope CurrentUser" command to unrestric and let the current user run the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running ".venv\Scripts\activate" command, sometimes you may get an "Unauthorized error" (below error). For this error, you would need to run "Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -Scope CurrentUser" command to remove the restrictions and let the current user run the command.
```
